README.md, before:

# MinWords

This project is a simple dictionary app that uses an in-memory database to store words. It is
## Installation

Add this line to your `.gemspec` file:
```ruby
spec.add_development_dependency "min_words", "0.1.0"
```
Add this line to your application's Gemfile:
```ruby
gem 'min_words', :git => 'https://github.com/tenebrousedge/min_words.git'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install min_words

## Usage

This is a student project and not intended to be used. It is available on Heroku (for the moment) at [https://cryptic-journey-55813.herokuapp.com/].

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/min_words.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

add updated documentation
apparently I managed to add the docs with the last commit but not update the files used to generate them. Derp

README.md, after:

# MinWords

This project is a simple dictionary app that uses an in-memory database to store words.

## Installation

Add this line to your `.gemspec` file:
```ruby
spec.add_development_dependency "min_words", "0.1.0"
```
Add this line to your application's Gemfile:
```ruby
gem 'min_words', :git => 'https://github.com/tenebrousedge/min_words.git'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install min_words

## Usage

This is a student project and not intended to be used. It is available on [Heroku](https://cryptic-journey-55813.herokuapp.com/) for the present.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## API Documentation

Generated API documentation for the lib has been made available on [Github Pages](https://tenebrousedge.github.io/min-words/).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/min_words.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
